Issues:
* Typography PR
  * Updates made, although still a work in progress
  * noufal has offered to help with the PR
  * Discussion regarding removing default focus outline for all `<a>` elements, since it goes against accessibility goals.  Decided that it's best to keep the outline for focus on all `<a>`, individual components could possibly remove it as long as there is a `:focus` styling.
* Create SCSS Style Guide
  * Haven't heard from prasunanand, so this is up for someone to work on
* Update HTML Style Guide
  * Discussion in Contribute have continued.
* Logo
  * isaacdurazo should have time this week to finish up the diffrent use cases for the logo
* Semantic Color Definitions
  * Base the default colors on the logo colors
  * sfrisk to update issue with color list
* arschmitz has also updated the issues for naming convention, typography, and grid system to help summarize the discussions for newcomers.
* GSoc Students
  * Student deadlines have passed, and we're currently evaluating proposals. If we need more information, we'll contact you
