* Attending: Todd Parker, John Bender, Jasper de Groot, Jason D Scott, Anne-Gaelle Colom, Gabriel Schulhof, Alex Schmitz, Ghislain Seguin

## Todd
* 1.3 is in great shape. Remaining issues: https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5359
* Still aiming to get 1.3 beta out by the end of the year
* New API site and docs will go live when 1.3 hits final in early 2013
* Panels: final re-factor work underway
  - We’ve decided to tweak the sliding panel code a bit and API to simplify internals and support the most common use cases. So instead of the link being used to configure the panel position (left, right) and display (reveal, push, overlay), these are now set on the panel and the link just points to which panel to display. Work being done in the slide-panel-refactor branch.
  - Still looking at whether the “push” mode is going to be performant enough to include in 1.3. Because it causes a reflow of the page, it’s much heavier than the other two modes.
* Tyler doing knowledge transfer with Xavier and Jeff on ThemeRoller admin
* Maintenance release for 1.1.2 in the works, will be the final maintenance release for 1.1
* Coordinating with a few 3rd parties who want to try and contribute code to the project

## John Bender
* Nav refactor: down to a few last unit test failures, hoping to merge into master tomorrow
* Next: cleanup of internals and fixing up sequence tests for reliability and speed

## Jasper de Groot
* Added two swipe demos:
    http://jquerymobile.com/test/docs/demos/swipe/swipe-list.html
    http://jquerymobile.com/test/docs/demos/swipe/swipe-page.html (problem: source code highlighting does only work for the first page + need to add prefetch next page)
* demos view source: you can now target an html element of which the markup should be shown (so you can show a whole page without the need to wrap in a div)
* noticed issues with the CSS transitions and transform 3D tests
    https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5359 (Mat is looking into this)
* some triage and reviewed PR https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/pull/4973 (closed, have to look into other CSS to give the title in the header more space)
* updated contributing guidelines and JS Bin test case template

## Anne-Gaelle Colom
* created entry for basic tables (and discussed how to go about creating the entries for RWD tables)

## Gabriel Schulhof
* Fixed fixedToolbar bug
* Worked with John Bender on nav - almost there
* TODO:
  - Check weird page transitions on Chrome when coming back from a page accessed via a link inside a popup - Bam!Baaaaam!
* If time: What do we know about the Samsung guys, Todd?

## Ghislain Seguin
* Done with https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5096,it can use some polish but the base is there: http://ghislain.no-ip.biz/jqm/docs/demos/listviews/listview-filter-autocomplete.html

## Alexander Schmitz
* Continued work on range slider.
  - Fixed all the bugs anyone has noticed.
  - clicking on extremes of the track will adjust closest handle
  - working on dragging highlight will drag whole range.
  - made extension to allow “push” mode as requested on issue
* Bug fixing and triage.
