* Attending: Todd Parker, John Bender, Ghislain Seguin, Gabriel Schulhof, Jasper de Groot, Anne-Gaelle Colom, Jason D Scott, Maurice Gottlieb

## Todd
* 1.2 alpha released: https://jquerymobile.com/blog/2012/08/01/announcing-jquery-mobile-1-2-0-alpha/
  - Great reaction so far, no major issues reported
  - We will continue to make smaller improvements and fixes next week as we wait for people to test
  - Try to get to final in 3-4 weeks max
* Upgraded to the 1.9 widget factory
* Many utilities are decoupled from core dependencies. Touch events, orientationchange, and virtual mouse bindings from jQM can be used standalone with the download builder are now 7k min/2.8kb gzip'd.
* Roadmap: next
* Working on a new logo for the project, concepts to be circulated soon

## Ghislain Seguin
* Builder seems to stop working randomly, have to investigate
* Should we re-introduce $.support.touch? issue #4786 - was removed as part of decoupling, will do some analysis and try to bring this back for the next 1.2 release.
* Listview filter improvements - landed post-1.2 alpha
  - Add a demo showing how to use these to build an autocomplete?
* One more listview improvement to land: issue #4133

## John Bender
* TestSwarm IE
* Slider Cleanup
* Slider Perf (needs testing)
* 1.3 goals: Performance suite

## Gabriel Schulhof
* https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/4419 - the new widget factory has this._on() which nicely prevents memory leaks caused by stale attached event handlers, however, we should implement _destroy() on our widgets, because handlers attached to elements introduced during widget creation need not be removed if the elements are removed.
* Write tests for the various funky-initial-URL cases - need a way to test when nav jumps to a page that does not have jQM
* Post-1.2:
  - Colour picker - I’ve already figured out how to show nice RGB gradients: http://babulina.go-nix.ca/nix/otf-options/rgb.html
  - Suspend pagebeforechange using $.Deferred()

## Jasper de Groot
* worked on popup examples; horizontal panel turned out not to be good use case for popup - anyone has a good idea for one more advanced popup example?
* fixed controlgroup issue https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/4716
* for 1.2: will create PR for Opera transitions https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/4521
* for 1.2: listview icon option  that allows the icon to be set to none on the UL or LI. johnbender to review. https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/pull/4582
* things I would like to work on
  - widget options (all programmatically, all components should have options corners/shadow/inline, use _setOption for mini and inline in toolbars, etc.)
  - docs improvements

## Anne-Gaelle Colom
* Not gone on holiday yet after all... so:
* Added inline examples to api docs: slider, switch collapsibles, collapsible set, and select. Also completed some of those with missing info.
* Added inline examples to api docs: select (still have to adjust the iframe sizes for those)
* Corrected boolean options that were using double quotes in the docs.
* helped release 1.2.0-alpha.1 (docs code changes) and minor changes elsewhere... 
