* Attending: Todd Parker, John Bender, Ghislain Seguin, Gabriel Schulhof, Jasper de Groot, Anne-Gaelle Colom, Jason Scott

## Todd
* Down to 350 issues (from 600) and 12 PR’s (down from 50+) in the last 2 months
* Site re-templating for the conference - met with Richard, Todd is working on porting over the static pages, Richard to port the blog, then we need to make CSS changes
* Download builder alpha for conference - ready to go
* Device donation page by conference so we can announce - Todd to-do
* 1.1.1 beta for conference with hopefully a quick move to RC status
	- Consider asking for testing next week via branch preview
	- Todd needs to write the blog post
	- Outstanding items:
	- Opera 12 broken navigation - **team to discuss option later**
	- listview click performance (ready to land + benchmark) - **todo**
	- blinky transitions in PhoneGap (re-opened for review) - **Todd tested latest in a webview and doesn’t seem blinky, even with fixed toolbars but only tested with fade. More investigation needed**
	- update page padding - **Closed, fixes landed by Jasper**
	- unable to close dialog in webview - **Closed, Bender posted a workaround in the issue**
	- IE submit button - **Closed, fixes landed by Jasper**
* 1.2 alpha for conference - popup items
	- code review (Bender and Ghislain)
	- speed: takes 1-2 seconds to open the most minimal popup on the iPad 3 - feels too slow. Investigate why
	- default styling - padding needs help (Jasper + Todd)
	- dialogs in popups blow out content width, needs refinement. (Jasper + Todd)

## Ghislain Seguin
* More code re-org, moved widgets into widgets directory
* Fixed https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/3558
* Started looking into popup code
* Getting feedback on download builder UI

## John Bender 
* Linting is done, caught one bug
* Perf testing
	- apparently we know the jsperf folks
	- steal the scheme
	- benchmarkjs.com
* Popup
	- code reviewed
	- tweaks to follow
	- discussion on popup stacks
* Preso work this week
* Base tag issues next

## Gabriel Schulhof
* Proposals:
	- Link can open popup from another page (agcolom)? IOW, if user clicks link button and the popup referred to by href has not been enhanced, enhance it? If the popup is on another page, it's not a good idea because the other page has display: none set and the popup is its child, but if the popup is inside the body, it can be enhanced at first-click time.
	- .buttonMarkup({corners: <value>}) accepts true, false, and now also "tl", "tr", ..., "left", "right", etc. https://github.com/gabrielschulhof/jquery-mobile/commit/f49abba3d0d3ee5f490d778ead3b705392fabbee and http://babulina.go-nix.ca/nix/jqm-buttonMarkup-corners/tests/functional/button-markup.html
* This could help us fix 3635, because controlgroup wouldn’t need to access button classes directly, instead calling .buttonMarkup({corners: ”left”}), etc., thus cooperating with reusable buttonMarkup, such that if you later call e.g. .buttonMarkup({icon: ”another-icon”}) on a button that is part of the controlgroup it won’t mess up the button’s corners as a side effect.

## Jasper de Groot
* Finished with updatePagePadding
* Finished with IE buttons
* Improved focus style
* Created PR to make slider widget independent from textinput widget
	- Q: do all widgets need to be completely independent, also the CSS? (all button CSS in core?)
* Did some triage
* Fixed a few minor CSS issues I noticed myself

## Anne-Gaelle Colom
* Met with Todd and Richard on 15th June to get all setup to produce the new website
* 19 PRs and 18 commits on the docs.
* 6 widgets ready in the new api docs (which led to many small corrections in the docs).
* Small amount of triage and testing

## Jason D Scott
* Fixed (pull request open) - https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/1181
* Helping out JQM related issues on forums
	- http://supportforums.blackberry.com/t5/Web-and-WebWorks-Development/JqueryMobile-HTML-Pages-not-Showing-well-on-my-BB-Bold-or-Curve/td-p/1771643
	- http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10883880/jquery-mobile-fixed-toolbar-workaround-for-blackberry
	