* Attending: Todd Parker, John Bender, Jasper de Groot, Jason D Scott, Anne-Gaelle Colom, Gabriel Schulhof, Alex Schmitz, Ghislain Seguin, Scott Jehl

## Todd
* Down to 240 issues thanks to Jasper and Alex’s heroic triage: https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues
* 1.3 is coming together but with the holidays, beta will probably end up shipping in early January. Last few widgets almost there for beta:
  - Nav refactor landed in master (Navigator and History) after tons of work by John Bender. Tests are all passing now too. Details below.
  - Slide panel refactor and browser testing complete for beta, working on unit tests so we can land in master. Demo: https://jquerymobile.com/branches/slide-panel-refactor/docs/panels/index.html
  - Dual handle range slider is close to landing in master. Working on IE7 issue and tests. Demo: https://jquerymobile.com/branches/range/docs/demos/sliders/sliders.html
* 1.4 planning is just starting but this is shaping up to a big re-factor for performance and consistency with the only widget addition being tabs. We will be creating a spec of where we want to go so we can apply the same review to all widgets in terms of widget factory conformance, markup & style re-factoring, etc. in the new year
* Work on the new demos is well underway to replace the current docs for 1.3 final. Working on the IA and collecting content but there are a few big buckets of content:
  - Widgets in various configs with a view source button to grab snippets
  - Intro guides
  - FAQ style section with common questions/scenarios
  - Real world demos that show off how to customize and extend jQM

## John Bender
* Nav is merged!
  - Tests are green across the board (old, jquery-git, master)
* Refactored Nav to two objects Navigator and History, $.navigate is just a proxy
  - $.navigate method name
  - Expose $.mobile namespace outside of core
    * $.History -> $.mobile.History
    * $.Navigator -> $.mobile.Navigator

## Jasper de Groot
* made progress on triage
* made slider and input together full width (fix is in branch “range”) https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5045
* new widget rangeslider CSS (consistency between slider and rangeslider layout)
* added sliders demo page in branch “range” https://jquerymobile.com/branches/range/docs/demos/sliders/sliders.html

## Anne-Gaelle Colom
* in the api docs, created entry for:
  - table toggle column mode
  - table reflow mode
  - fixedtoolbar

## Gabriel Schulhof
* Working with Samsung on rebooting web-ui-fw. This has lead to some changes in jQM:
  - Separated out view-source.js to reuse within web-ui-fw.
  - Added issue for widget review: rename ui-disabled to ui-state-disabled, and let the widget factory apply the class via the widget() method which we should also implement - this should give us mostly free-of-charge widget disabling
* On holiday until 2013-01-02

## Ghislain Seguin
* No update this week

## Scott Jehl
* Worked on re-factoring and debugging panels, ready for beta
* Collaborating with Zach on unit tests

## Alexander Schmitz
* Finishing touches and bug fixes on range.
  - one major bug remains in ie7 dont think this is fixable in a reasonable way
  - one minor fix after the meeting
* triage and bug fixing (Under 340 issues Woo Hoo)
* working on some demos
