* Attending: Todd Parker, John Bender, Jasper de Groot, Jason D Scott, Anne-Gaelle Colom, Gabriel Schulhof, Alex Schmitz

## Todd
* DC summit was a great success
  - Made a lot of progress on docs, have new contributors to that team to help Anne including Patrick Ashamalla, Alicia Lippert, Robert Bosse, Mutlu Tevfik Koçak, Mike Auteri and others
  - New developers helping out after the conference including Alexander Schmitz, Keith Pepin, Jonah Schulte, Greg Franko and others
  - Ralph Whitbeck will be helping out with mobile developer relations
  - Coordination with UI team underway on the tab widget re-factor slated for 1.4 which will be a converged widget for UI and mobile
* ThemeRoller maintenance to transition from Tyler Benziger to Rafael Xavier int he coming weeks. Rafael will start work on porting TR over to Node.js so it can service both UI and Mobile
  - Review NuGet PR: https://github.com/jquery/web-jquery-mobile-theme-roller/pull/114
* Work has started on 1.3 features for responsive design features
  - Key finding: baking CSS media queries (breakpoints) into our structure CSS will cause a lot of maintenance issues and prevent easy customization. We’re leaning towards providing copy/paste styles for common scenarios in demos and docs but not shipping this CSS as part of the library because these must be tuned to the content/layout/design of each site. Focus on education and demos. Simple example: if a site has a left nav that is 300px wide, our breakpoints won’t make sense because they would have been written with a full-width layout.
  - Responsive data tables - prototyping two modes: column chooser and stack to label/value pairs at narrow widths. https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5093
  - Looking to add more real-world demos, like this Backbone example
    * https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/pull/5205 

## John Bender
* Code review(s)
* Started integration of nav work
  - surprise! odd behavior from replaceState in chrome
  - long haul
* Putting off the containers work until next release it looks like

## Jasper de Groot
* working on new docs in local branch; just plain code, layout can be added later
  suggest following structure:
  - About: Intro/Overview, Features, Accessibility, Supported platforms
  - Quick start guide
  - link to online API docs
  - Demos & Test suite
    dynamically create “view source” (Jasper)
    suggestion: don’t categorize by widget because demos can combine widgets, but use keyword tags
    * dynamic popups with images using “load” event (Jasper)
    * slider tooltip labels https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5045 (Maurice)
    * RWD
      - 25/75, 33/66, etc. grids (JS Bin Todd)
      - responsive grid (Jasper)
      - listview tile/grid layout (Keith)
    * drag & drop https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5196 (Alex)
    * “Docs: add code examples to the docs” https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/4389
    * the advanced popup examples
    * workarounds for known issues we now mention in the docs
    * other real-world demos
* worked on slider full width; will open the PR this week after testing https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5045
* after that I will work on rewriting validStyle() and transform3dTest() to make transitions work in IE10 (CSS changes are ready)
* could do a lot of triage because of the help of Alex!
* suggest cleaning up branches
* suggest theme CSS cleanup:
  - remove .ui-btn-corner-? classes except .ui-btn-corner-all (we don’t use them)
  - remove -moz prefixed border-radius rules from theme css

## Anne-Gaelle Colom
* A few PRs from the summit (hopefully some of the people we met at the will continue to contribute, some did)
* Tidying up API docs

## Gabriel Schulhof
* Major issue: https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5137 (our widgets do not react to form reset)
  - I’d like a team OK to land https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/pull/5216, which is based on widget factor extension coolness
  - Accepted PR 5200 for https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5051 to restore custom select data-overlay-theme functionality
* Accepted PR 5195 to clean up internal custom select state (update the isOpen flag when it closes)
* Working on popup (re)positioning problem seen on Retina iDevices
* +1 on missing Bender from the summit

## Ghislain Seguin
* Summit, way cool - Bender we missed you
* Reviewing gfranko’s backbone / requirejs example
* Where are we at on the UI / Mobile convergence? I can help with that.

## Scott Jehl
* working on responsive table widget. I’ve built a base widget and two extension modes: columntoggle and reflow. Columntoggle mode is better for dense data sets that need cross-column comparisons, while reflow is ideal for simpler tables, as all data is shown at all times, but it’s presented in different layouts.
* Demos are in the “tables” branch, and up here: https://jquerymobile.com/branches/tables/docs/tables/
* Also, Todd made a more stylized demo with sorting here: https://jquerymobile.com/branches/tables/docs/tables/stack-custom.html (nice work, Todd!)
* Today I’m testing the table widget - so far, a11y is great on the reflow table. Duped labels are not read aloud in VoiceOver due to aria-hidden attributes

## Alexander Schmitz
* Great to meet most of you at the summit and great to be on board!
* Working on _workarounds extension for fixedToolbars to address variety of browser or platform specific issues with fixed position
* Working on demos for using ui’s sortable and draggable
* working on demo for turn by turn directions from current location using geolocation api
* preparing for jQuery asia
* Triage of stale issues!

## Jason Scott
* Update the Sliding panels demo
  - to also push from the top.
  - Looking into improvements to push transitions
  - https://jquerymobile.com/branches/SlidingPanel/docs/content/content-overflow.htm 
* Looking for JQM community (team members / dev relations / kick ass community leaders) based in APAC for a speaking role in November. Does anyone know someone?
* UI and Performance enhancements to BlackBerry 10 Theme
