* Location: #jquery-meeting on Freenode
* Attending: Todd Parker, John Bender, Jasper de Groot, Jason D Scott, Anne-Gaelle Colom, Gabriel Schulhof, Alex Schmitz, Ghislain Seguin
* Time: 2pm ET

## Todd
* No meeting last week
* 1.4 Planning in early stages, organize into sub-teams
  - Plugins & API – Ghislain, Bender, Alex, Gabriel
    * UI/Mobile API and code standards, shared core
    * Widget review and re-factoring for performance, bug fixes
  - Markup & Theming – Todd, Jasper, Mat, Jason, Ben (Codiqa)
    * New theme framework and icons
    * Markup simplification
  - Docs – Anne, Ralph
* New jQuery Mobile site and blog in progress (Ralph, Scott)
* Maintenance release schedule:
  - 1.1.2 and 1.2.1 within the next week. Branches updated, blog posts with changelogs drafted
  - 1.3.1 within 2 weeks

## John Bender
* Method list https://gist.github.com/johnbender/3a4898465e4c0a9092eb
  - not much to get rid of (effects)
* Widget Regsitry
* Testing on travis

## Jasper de Groot
* bit of triage and demo center bug fixes

## Anne-Gaelle Colom 
* Liaised with Brad Lassey to get Firefox OS phones sent to Todd & Mat

## Gabriel Schulhof
* Fixed a bunch of bugs and merged a bunch of PRs
* Need review
  - https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5710 (strip query upon submit via GET)
  - https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/pull/5768 (move _handleHashChange, _registerInternalEvents, _bindPageRemove, and _maybeDegradeTransition to $.mobile._private)
* Idea from Changsuk’s team: Lazy-load widget definitions -> This could play into the widget registry, because we could modify not only the way we enhance widgets, but also the way we define widgets. Basically, we load the library without defining any widgets, and then, upon the first pagecreate, we check all the widgets that we need for the page (presumably via initSelector), execute the $.widget call for each type of widget we have found that we need, and then enhance the page. After the page is displayed, we can execute $.widget for the rest of the widgets from an idle loop. The mechanism we use for resolving enhance-time dependencies can also be used to make sure that the superclass is defined before the subclass.
* More generally speaking, Changsuk said that, the fact that our library consists of one large IIFE, JS loaders cannot properly lazy-load, because they do not see the insides of the IIFE and they have no choice but to run it. Does the fact that we’re now trying to do all this lazy-loading by hand mean that we have missed the opportunity to organize our library such that JS optimizers can do some of this lazy loading themselves?

## Ghislain Seguin
* Travis CI integration, now using build matrix to spawn tests cycles against different jQuery versions. So now these run in parallel.
* We still need Jenkins for git build ( latest ) & testswarm testing
* Shut down master and 1.3-stable Phantom builds on Jenkins
* I need to work with the infra guys because the git build was renamed to -git instead of -latest per Corey’s request but it doesn’t show on code.origin.jquery.com
* Started working on splitting unit tests and integration tests. Once that’s done I need to create a new Jenkins job that will run the integration tests.

## Alexander Schmitz
* began work on removing page.sections and toolbar widget.

## Jason Scott
* Added cover transitions from the BlackBerry 10 theme to the main project. 
* Working on optimizing slider performance, feels laggy on BB10
* Helping David (on my team at BlackBerry) with adding a top panel, originally for BB10 but the main project can also benefit from it. Should be up for review in a day or so.
