* Attending: Todd Parker, John Bender, Jasper de Groot, Anne-Gaelle Colom, Gabriel Schulhof, Alex Schmitz

## Todd
* Work on 1.4 continues
* Thorough testing of SVG (Grunticon) vs. icon fonts is almost done. 
	- Initial testing results here
	- Grunticon works on every browser we tested, PNG fallbacks are working great. One bug identified in FF 3-3.6 with the fallback has been logged and already fixed. 
	- Icon fonts fail in some key devices (WP7, Opera Mini, old Android) and yield false positives to feature tests. 
	- Verdict: I think we should use this over icon fonts for max. compatibility.
* Portland conference: who’s going? Jasper, Gabriel, Alex, Anne-Gaelle

## John Bender
* Content widget: latest updates are in issue #5427
* addresses the pagebeforechange double event
* change == load + transition
* you get the string or the object in pagebeforechange depending on what was passed in
* change is just a wrapper around load and transition
* all the page* events that come from nav are deprecated as of 1.4, use content* now (contentbeforechange)

## Jasper de Groot
* Done with refactor in branch "next"
* Found solution for theme inheritance in popup, collapsible content, etc.
* Now working on updating tests, docs, etc.

## Anne-Gaelle Colom 
* ported the old meeting notes to meetings.jquery.org (55)

## Gabriel Schulhof
* Fixed bug where popup coords are not being passed to "popupbeforeposition" - I noticed it when looking into https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5818
* Went to Tizen Developers' Conference - found a few apps using jQuery Mobile and jQuery UI

Alexander Schmitz
* Triage & bugs
* working on new flip switch to replace current one
	- http://jsbin.com/uzaret/814
* continued work on panel
