* Attending: Todd Parker, John Bender, Jasper de Groot, Jason D Scott, Anne-Gaelle Colom, Gabriel Schulhof, Alex Schmitz, Ghislain Seguin

## Todd
* Maintenance releases went out last week for legacy versions. These were delayed until after 1.3 but still useful for people stuck on older versions.
  - 1.1.2 - https://jquerymobile.com/blog/2013/03/19/announcing-jquery-mobile-1-1-2/
  - 1.2.1 - https://jquerymobile.com/blog/2013/03/22/announcing-jquery-mobile-1-2-1/
  - 1.3.1 in the works, to be released within a week. Moving towards more frequent maintenance releases.
    * Down to 5 issues: https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5284
    * Refresh methods for tables and panels - wait for later
    * Target a code freeze Monday EOD for testing
  - Met with Ralph last week on the new site design, he is pushing forward with porting/updating pages. I will do some homepage design cleanup.
* 1.4.0 work is underway, widget re-factoring and extension cleanup
  - We’ll be tracking key changes here: https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/wiki/1.4-changelog
  
## John Bender
* finished test split that Ghislain did all the work on
* fast start on transitions refactor

## Jasper de Groot
* bug fixes (panel, fixed toolbar, etc. issues) and triage

## Anne-Gaelle Colom
* had some good discussions with Scott Gonzalez to improve/fix some aspects of the api docs
* data-attribute is a page now, not an entry
* Scott prepared the event template (XSLT) so I can now start to use that to document events
* started to optimise the api docs (button page) so down from 47 iframes to 31
* fixed some issues in the api docs
* Will be on holiday from tomorrow with no internet for 2 weeks! (back on the 15th April)

## Gabriel Schulhof
* Fixed https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5775 (no more double page change on Webkit during startup)
* Worked on lazy widget initialization:
  - Ready to do page load time testing (instead of just library execution time)
  - Need to move initSelector out of the prototype
  - Need to make changes to $.widget

## Ghislain Seguin
* Fixed “release” grunt task
* Split “deploy” task so we can do test deploys
* Changed copyright banners
* Pushed the tests splitting, Bender finished it and merged it to master
* Continued CLA quest

## Alexander Schmitz
* removed page.sections and got toolbar widget working
  - in branch page-sections-remove
  - still more work to be done
* working on two range slider issues for 1.3.1
