* Attending: Todd Parker, John Bender, Jasper de Groot, Jason D Scott, Anne-Gaelle Colom, Gabriel Schulhof, Alex Schmitz, Ghislain Seguin

## Todd
* 1.3.0 RC1 went out on Monday as scheduled, targeting Monday the 18th for final
* https://jquerymobile.com/blog/2013/02/04/jquery-mobile-1-3-0-rc1-released/
* We’ve had two issues come in that needed to be fixed for final:
  - 5593 - hidden form elements that were added for focus management in popups were being added in other situations. Fixed in master
  - 5588 - Panels: Make sure active state is applied to and removed from buttons in header too. Fixed in master.
* 1.1.2 and 1.2.1 maintenance releases coming within the next week or so. Changelogs done, need to update the docs and deploy. Since it’s a small release, we’re not doing an RC which is what core has switched to doing.
* Initial planning for 1.4.0 has started. Alex is working with Scott Gonzalez on re-factoring core.js to be aligned with jQuery UI as the first step.
* The plan is delete the old docs and replace it with the new API site and a companion demos site site. Working to make this switch for 1.3.
* Working on migration plan for our servers
  - jquerymobile.com/test/ will be mapped to view.jquerymobile.com/master/demos.
  - jquerymobile.com/branches/ will now be view.jquerymobile.com/branchname 
* New shelves and charging setup in the Boston test lab. Added a Microsoft Surface this week.

## John Bender
* base tag branch revived, basic testing
* navigation demos

## Jasper de Groot
* fixed panel issues:
  - https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5510 - opening a panel when there is already an open panel on the page: we now wait with opening the second until the first has been closed
  - https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5583 - buttons in header active state not applied or removed
* fixed TR markup for 1.3
* been to BBJam Europe

## Anne-Gaelle Colom
* here’s the api docs status: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vo_O-GVATYLbo1WggLjlGAQGuFzwE3fUP_8ZR7aftE0/edit
* Created entries for:
  - Page Initialization events
  - Page change events
  - Page scroll events
  - page load events
  - Page transition events
  - so all events are now covered!!!!
* Added a clarification note for RWD tables

## Gabriel Schulhof
* Fixed blocker: https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/issues/5593
* Worked on popup with arrows: https://jquerymobile.com/branches/popup-arrow/docs/demos/demos/popups/arrow.html
* Got wordpress and API docs up and running on my local server

## Ghislain Seguin
* Was off most of the week.
* Continuing progress on grunt migration
* Had a meeting with Rafael about the common code for UI/Mobile download builder. At first it will just generate the UI. Then it could have an interface that both projects would implement differently to talk to their respective servers.

## Alexander Schmitz
* Wrote all FAQs in the Page section
* Made deep links for docs until we can merge real fix after 1.3
* Working on h2 widget to auto-populate the “In this section” panels for the new demos
* Talked with scott_gonzalez on bringing in ui core
* Started initial work planning
* Worked with gnarf and ryanneufeld on 502 and view idea
