* Ticket Triage (Issues + PR):
  * 252 (-1 in 2 weeks)
* Attending: Arthur, Sarah, Alex, Anne

## Site Spider:
* Alex been working on it for a while. The idea is to have it on all content repo, and add it on a grunt task. It checks for errors and deadlinks, missing resources, etc. Currently reporting a lot of errors and Alex needs help from us to fix those. Alex will be trying to add the task to the repos over the next week or 2.

## Learn Site
* Email from Justin Crawford https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jquery-content-team/MaXPstGj1os
  * Awesome!
  * Can we think of a response?
  * Jörn asked why the mailing list wasn’t public. There is no reason for the jquery-content-team not to be public...
  * action: check past messages and see if any contain private info, then, make mailing public

* Analysis of the articles, and develop a matrix of articles/library version:
  * [Matrix created](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1H6xhKoSBtoK9Nsc7uqBcVQULqflc7xWZbtsTO7p1fqA/edit#gid=0)
  * ongoing
* Actions from last meeting:
    * Anne to speak with the Legal team to identify what document we need to receive consent from Authors to have their content on the Learn site.
      * Email is ok. Anne started sending emails. Will need to pdf responses and save to Foundation Dropbox.
      * Anne to update matrix with details (mail sent/consent received)
    * Scott to work on automating the CLA check, which will manage the label in place. Action completed.
      * **Action Completed**
    * Make doc public for comments
      * **Action Completed**
* Actions from last meeting:
  * Scott to work on automating the CLA check, which will manage the label
    * in place. minor issues
    * currently for api.jquery.com jquery jquery-license jquery-mobile  jquery-ui  learn.jquery.com
  * Aurelio to see how we can get more help from the community
    * [Draft Post](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qeiwEtiIitFt1X8Iu1Cu2X0GgwM-MSb4FOOl50oerPY/edit)
    * Looks good! A few comments need addressing and a final review from Karl would be great.
  * Dan to investigate whether BV could donate rating services
    * Outcome: yes, if we want it we can have it. A little more red-tape to work through on the BV end.
    * Action ongoing

## All Content Sites:
* **Agreed** to make reference to https: removes (now-deprecated) protocol-relative URLs in favor of https:// URLs
  * Also see https://github.com/jquery/jquery.com/issues/86 (slightly different issue)
  * Demos in api sites and learn should be easy to copy/paste and work without editing, so replacing protocol-relative with https:// makes sense here.
    * Will need to add a note/warning to ajax examples that will not work with file:///
* Api sites:
  * Mobile: update core version to 1.11.2
    * https://github.com/jquery/api.jquerymobile.com/issues/358
    * Action: Anne to update (after jQuery UK)
  * Core: update to latest version
    * https://github.com/jquery/api.jquery.com/issues/651
      * Arthur will take it after the v3 release
    * v3 changes will be in a separate branch

## Repos at healthy cadence:
* We aim to have less than 5 issues or be closing more issues than we open on all content-related repos
  * We continue to make good progress. Big thanks to everyone!
