* Ticket Triage (Issues + PR):
  * 256 (+11 in 2 weeks)
* Attending: Arthur, Alex, Sarah, Anne, Scott, Aurelio


## GSOC:
* Currently no proposal for issue tracking
* 3 proposals for Interactive tutorials with others possibly being prepared.
  * After discussion with various team members and Kris, it was decided that the additional infrastructure for the initially proposed project (backend using node and a mySQL database) could be a risk for the long-term maintenance. Instead, we can improve the current jQuery Learning Center (learn.jquery.com) by adding small entries for users to test their understanding, for which http://koans.herokuapp.com/en seems to be a good solution, so for example, where we have http://learn.jquery.com/jquery-ui/getting-started/#jquery-ui-basics-using-options we could add something like https://jsbin.com/gofirumecu/1/edit?html,js,output (we could only present the user with a small data entry to get the code required, and give them some feedback on the correctness using qunit)
  * All students working on their proposal have been informed.
  * Discussion: we’ll investigate also another system (proposed by Arthur and Alex) that requires no infrastructure. Just sample code and unit test using QUnit. Alex will write something up to explain this to the current students preparing a proposal

## Actions from last meeting:
* check past messages and see if any contain private info, then, make mailing public
  * Not done - ongoing
* Anne to update matrix with details (mail sent/consent received)
  * ongoing
* Aurelio to see how we can get more help from the community
  * Blog Post ready. We can publish!

## Genesis script:
* Not had a chance to discuss further.

## Spider:
* http://jenkins.jquery.com/view/Websites/
* runs every night
