* Ticket Triage (Issues + PR):
  * 278 (-55 in 2 weeks, -76 in 4 weeks)
* Attending: arthurvr, agcolom, gnarf, RWhitbeck, AurelioDeRosa, kswedberg, scott_gonzalez, arschmitz, brianarn

## Learn Site
* Determine the Future of the learn site
  * Foundation issue 347
  * [Discussion document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1k2O3sYtNhJZO5XLtQq5l0OVRfrCCNSzoD3BEXnm6H7Q/edit?usp=sharing)
  * We want to ease the process of landing PRs
    * Scott to work on automating the CLA check, which will manage the labels
    * Agreed to relax commit message style guides for content site repos (.com/.net/.org repos) if necessary to ease maintain/land content, but not api sites
  * See how we can get more help from the community
    * Aurelio to draft blog post
  * **Agreed**: carry out an analysis of the articles, and develop a matrix of articles/library version
    * [Tracking Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1H6xhKoSBtoK9Nsc7uqBcVQULqflc7xWZbtsTO7p1fqA/edit#gid=0).
    * Thinking about adding rating to learn content e.g. did you find this article useful 1-5? but would also need to know the reader's expertise, so 1–5 my expertise on this subject and 1–5 article's usefuleness
    * Dan to see if Bazaarvoice could donate rating service
  * **Agreed**: The learn site should contain THREE types of learning documents to match the users learning styles: articles, tutorials and videos
    * distinction between article and tutorial: a tutorial walks you through some process step by step and an article just explains a concept or set of APIs
    * A long-term plan/wish is to have interactive tutorials as part of the learn site. (Propose as a GSOC project?)
  * **Proposed**: in addition to code snippets, we should have the full example in a jsbin to enable users to manipulate the code and enable us to easily update it.
    * Discussion deferred to next meeting
  * **Proposed**: We should add the type(s) to the document and enable users to search by topic/keywords and/or type
    * Discussion deferred to next meeting

## Repos at healthy cadence
* We aim to have less than 5 issues or be closing more issues than we open on all content-related repos
  * [Tracking (open issues + open PRs)](https://coloma.users.ecs.westminster.ac.uk/jqueryStats/contentIssues.php)
    * Discussion deferred to next meeting
