* Ticket Triage: 267 (issues +PR) (-5)
* Attending: Connor, Aurelio, Anne, Karl

## Content

* GSOC:
  * Weekly meetings
  * Team to decide on repo names (separate repo for the plugin, one separate repo for the node service), all public plus maybe one more public repo for the questions (To be decided after we confirm the architecture to be used)
  * Anne to ask Kris about adding the repo to the jQuery Foundation
  * Discussed Proposal and technical details
    * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mWBIpoN4ZU9vGRKP3vG_Zze0lsoWD6QiN3RNUQhps1g/edit
      * Discussed more details and UI
      * the report will try to report issues to github
      * question types (keep the select in code as nice to have)
      * Textarea in questions should resize up to 10 lines
  * https://github.com/jquery/learn.jquery.com/issues/642
    * PR prepared. Awaiting feedback from gnarf
  * https://github.com/jquery/learn.jquery.com/issues/658
    * PR started, need to review myself and get feedback
  * https://github.com/jquery/learn.jquery.com/issues/711
    * Not sure where we want to go with this
* API sites:
  * Working on a new navigation
    * https://github.com/jquery/api.jqueryui.com/issues/176
* API PRs that need reviewing:
 * https://github.com/jquery/api.jquery.com/pull/913
   * Karl reviewed the PR
   * Warning: Invalid slug: 1.12&2.2.
