Minutes (Notes) of the meeting of jQuery  
 Location: \#jquery-meeting on Freenode  
 Time: Noon ET

Official Agenda:

-   1.5.2 Blocker Status
    -   Delayed discussion until next week

-   jQuery 1.6 Roadmap
    -   [https://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?key=0AuWerG7Xqt-8dDcwNUlSaWltOWJrNE5tOUlIbkVJbGc&hl=en&authkey=CIjOo7UK\#gid=0](https://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?key=0AuWerG7Xqt-8dDcwNUlSaWltOWJrNE5tOUlIbkVJbGc&hl=en&authkey=CIjOo7UK#gid=0)
    -   Be sure to land this in branches
        1.  Will be pulled into core after 1.5.2 is out

    -   A: Solid agreement, with owner or pull request:
        1.  2 (danheberden, jaubourg): Have .animate() implement a
            deferred object
        2.  5 (jaubourg): Do support tests in an iframe document (or
            maybe use false body element)
        3.  10 (dmethvin): Optimize RegExp used for innerHTML shortcut
            (\#6782, pull 248)
        4.  13 (john): Add :focus to Sizzle
        5.  14 (rwaldron): Allow properties to be passed in to
            \$.Event() constructor
        6.  15 (dmethvin): Perf improvements for .data() events
        7.  16 (danheberden): Optimize validation in parseJSON
        8.  17 (rwaldron): Fix event firing order
        9.  20 (dmethvin): Attach data cache directly to element
        10. 21 (dmethvin): Refactor jQuery.event.trigger/handle
        11. 22 (dmethvin): Issue with triggering of focusin – may be
            fixed by pull 260, need to check with Joern who reported a
            problem i couldn’t repro
        12. 23 (timmywil): Allow .is(), .find(), and .closest() to
            accept nodes
        13. 31 (lrbabe and/or gnarf and/or jaubourg): Synchronize
            animations based upon start time (Thunderdome!)
        14. 34 (john): attrHooks
        15. 36 (lrbabe): Use requestAnimationFrame \*Special attention
            to optimizing size
        16. 38 (danheberden): \$.map() working on objects
        17. 39 (rwaldron): .undelegate() doesn’t work on custom
            namespaced events
        18. 42 (timmywil): .closest() fails on disconnected nodes
        19. 45 (john): Make .width() work correctly for inputs
        20. 46 (john): jQuery throwing error on replaceWith
        21. 51 (ajpiano): Support relative values for .css()
        22. 52 (gf3, cowboy): Add Function.prototype.bind() support to
            jQuery.proxy

    -   Good, but requires more discussion for potential 1.6 inclusion:
        1.  3 (jaubourg): Add chaining to promisHes
        2.  7: Solution for HTML 5 in IE
        3.  25 (timmywil): Add .valHooks

    -   Tabled until 1.7:
        1.  6: Expose the data conversion interface from \$.ajax()
        2.  11: Comprehensive and official support of file:
        3.  37: Use the same event object when bubbling native events,
            or preserve data relative to the event.

    -   How was the decision made:
        1.  Virtually all green = Solid Agreement
        2.  Majority green = Mixed agreement
        3.  Majority red / little green = Rejected


