Minutes (Notes) of the meeting of jQuery  
 Location: \#jquery-meeting on Freenode  
 Time: Monday January 10, 2011 at Noon ET

Official Agenda:

AGENDA for Mon Jan 10 Noon jQuery Meeting  
 Duration is 1 hour, so please keep comments brief and to the point to
facilitate discussion on all topics

CORE

-   Status of jQuery 1.5 Alpha 1

-   To be released Jan 14th

-   Ajax Rewrite Status

-   (See below)

-   Julian/Karl: Get documentation going.

-   Deferreds Status

-   (See below)

-   Julian/Karl: Get documentation going.

-   Julian: Implement auto-new.

-   jQuery.Deferred() -\> new jQuery.Deferred();

-   Look at things like \$().animate().then() in 1.6

-   Subclassing Status

-   Yehuda: Land code in repo.

-   Deadlyicon/Karl: Needs Documentation

-   Generic Subclassing – \> tabled till 1.6

-   Sizzle tweaks Status

-   John: Did a deep review of work needed, started to make some
    headway. Breaking out :not(a:first) is going to be a significant
    rewrite and will require a lot of time – beyond what we can likely
    tackle in this release. Want to recommend holding off until later.

-   Additional notes: We are moving toward sizzle only supporting valid
    qSA selectors and “offloading” any non-qSA (set filtering, custom)
    selectors into jQuery but we’ll probably hold off until 1.6 for this
    re-write

-   Handle CSRF tweaks from Mozilla

-   [http://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/7371](http://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/7371)

-   Switch to new file compressor – UglifyJS

-   Snover is landing this.

-   Browser Support

-   Opera 11 and 10.6 (dropping 10.6 in next release). For mobile we
    support Mini and Mobile current.

-   Other tickets: wontfix/unresolved issues worth discussing? (5 min)

-   Todo: Fix Sizzle Quoting Issue

-   [http://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/7539](http://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/7539)

[](http://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/7539)  
 Resource links:  

[1][http://blog.jquery.com/2010/12/28/jquery-community-updates-for-december-2010/](http://blog.jquery.com/2010/12/28/jquery-community-updates-for-december-2010/)  

[2][http://bugs.jquery.com/query?status=](http://bugs.jquery.com/query?status=)!closed&milestone=1.4.5&order=priority
— tickets for a hypothetical 1.4.5 (stopgap if 1.5 slips)  

[3][http://bugs.jquery.com/query?status=](http://bugs.jquery.com/query?status=)!closed&milestone=1.5&order=priority
— tickets for 1.5 release  

[4][http://tagneto.blogspot.com/2010/12/standards-and-proposals-for-javascript.html](http://tagneto.blogspot.com/2010/12/standards-and-proposals-for-javascript.html)  

[5][http://blog.rebeccamurphey.com/deferreds-coming-to-jquery](http://blog.rebeccamurphey.com/deferreds-coming-to-jquery)  

[6][http://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/7818](http://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/7818)  
 [7][http://commonjs.org](http://commonjs.org/)  
 [](http://commonjs.org/)  
 [](http://commonjs.org/)  
 Deferreds status:  
 - Promise/A compliant
([http://wiki.commonjs.org/wiki/Promises/A](http://wiki.commonjs.org/wiki/Promises/A)
)  
 - Used internally for ajax and \$.fn.ready ( actually internal
\_Deferred object )  
 - \$.when is a base skeleton there are some discussions about how it
should work and what it should accept as parameters: multiple for joined
promise, etc)  
 - Also, I’ve had some interesting discussions regarding adding a
lastPromise property to jQuery objects that would allow to observe when
the latest asynchronous event on the collection is done, allowing things
like:  
 + \$.when( \$( … ).load( … ) ).then( … )  
 + \$.when( \$( … ).animate( … ) ).then( … )

Ajax Rewrite Status:  
 - Stable now (both code-wise and file structure-wise — waiting for
feedback from Yehuda regarding the prefilter that shouldn’t be named to
incorporate it)  
 - Still reviewing tickets to see which are already fixed and fixing
others as I (jaubourg) go  
 - Snover will kill me if I don’t handle my spacing habit and reformat
all the code to the jQuery standard (I tend to add spaces around
everything)  
 - On a side-note, \$.parseXML has been extracted from ajax and
published in core. Still need unit testing for this but it passes unit
tests in ajax (indirectly though and not as thouroughly as it should)  
 - Also, there’s a unit test that seems to randomly fail in FF4b8. This
seems to be due to some quirk in the xhr implementation that the new xhr
pooling code triggers. Still need to make a minimal test case and tell
the FF devs.  
 - NEEDS DOCUMENTATION. Given the scope I’d really appreciate if I could
sit with Karl on skype or something so that someone helps me in
documenting this beast.
