Attending: timmywil (married), gibson042, DaveMethvin, m_gol, orkel, gnarf, scott_gonzalez (style discussion)

## jQuery 1.10.2
* IE7 and `type` attribute (gibson042)
  - http://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/13976 (fixed)

## jQuery 2.0.3
* Garbage HTML throws an exception (orkel is checking)
  - https://github.com/jquery/jquery/pull/1284
  - http://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/13976

## 1.10.2/2.0.3
* IE cross-frame (orkel)
  - http://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/13980
  - Result of event in Sizzle?

## Can we wait until after Portland for a new release?
* let's try … gotta monitor the duplicate tix

## Intel wants to help with some optimization issues
* Rich Winterton profiled with VTune, saw bad JITting behavior
* But...are any on hot paths?
* Maybe we can meet with him in person next week?
* Collab with Intel App Framework

## jQuery 2.1/1.11 changes
* Discuss at in-person Portland meeting
* Some thoughts
  - Make Deferreds and Callbacks optional modules
  - Deferred used in .ready() only, never documented
  - Use AMD to do our module builds?  snover has a branch
  - needs updates to grunt build
  - optional dependencies (Deferred in .ready) are tricky
  - Does defaultDisplay really solve a problem?
  - Only reliable way is to append, THEN hide. That doesn't cause extra reflows does it?
  - Our "visible" check causes reflows, can we fix that?
  - Need to use display:none vs .offsetHeight/Width
  - Would fix issues like <br> visible bug
  - Either changes the meaning of visible, or requires climbing the tree to determine visibility
  - Avoid offsetHeight/Width completely
  - Always a whole number
  - Screws up zoomed results and subpixel rendering
  - Attach data directly to elements for faster teardown

## Style guide updates
* Grouping parens need space? (i.e., ALL parens need space)
  - If so do all { need trailing newlines?
  - e.g. var x = { test: true } would be invalid
  - Do all ? and : need surrounding space?
  - We tend to do  b ? v1 : v2;
  - But we do { test: true } no leading space on colon
* Dave to make a pull request against the style guide for comment

## Open tickets triage
* http://bugs.jquery.com/query?status=new&report=505&order=priority
