Attending: Dave, Jörn, Alex, Adam, Scott, Kris, Rafael

## Core
* Publishing the jQuery 3.0 blog post today
* Starting to knock down the issue/PR backlog

## UI
* Nothing interesting

## Mobile
* Releasing 1.4.5 tomorrow
* 1.5 work continues
  * continuing update loop with ui
  * Front-end dependency management
* What would we want npm to support to make publishing UI on npm useful?
  * To release on npm, would need dozens of different packages, one for each widget, each with its own dependency tree
  * Difficult to find/build the actual files, which are inside node_modules
* Possible solution: If requireJS could find modules loaded by npm inside the node_modules directory, that would fix this?
* Talk to James Burke about how to deal with this? -- dave

## Globalize
* JavaScript Globalization overview page [https://github.com/rxaviers/javascript-globalization/](https://github.com/rxaviers/javascript-globalization/)
* ICU Message Format Support waiting approval to use [slexaxton/messageformat.js](https://github.com/SlexAxton/messageformat.js/) license.

## CSS Framework
* There was a meeting yesterday. Minutes will be sent out later by Scott
* Open up our css-framework repo, after some cleanup, to collaborate with the group there.
  * Alex to ask Sarah to update the readme

## QUnit
* No update, Leo and James currently unavailable. Jörn will look into remaining 1.16 issues.

## Testing
* Some improvements for browserstack-runner landed, still trying to get it working in Travis builds and with requirejs

## Infrastructure
* jsbin - talking with Remy about using it for demos and default template

## 2015
* High level roadmaps with goals for 2015 for your project
* Budget requests to achieve those goals
  * including contracts, additional resources
