Attending: Timmy, Alex, Scott, Leo, Sarah

## Core
* Work ongoing on beta. Planning to get more done in NY.
* Added support for Symbol type (https://github.com/jquery/jquery/commit/8a734344f2566dab5b8d34ecd79ae81ebd8843c5)
  * .bind and .delegate deprecated
* Putting together suggestions for Microsoft Edge. Meeting with jdalton in NY. Current list: http://meetings.jquery.org/2015-10-12-core/#edge-meeting
* Paul Irish seems busy lately. Anyone have a different contact for Blink issues?
  * Rick Byers?

## UI
* Button landed in master
* Making progress on datepicker
  * CLDR discussion this Friday
* Beta coming soon

## Mobile
* No update

## Chassis
* Quiet two weeks, ended up moving meeting time back to 2pm on Chassis so everyone can show up, since pretty much the entire team got new jobs and no one could make the meeting anymore.
* Finalizing details on Chassis Hack weekend after jQuery Summit.
* Have a basic list of things to work on jQuery Summit/Chassis Hack Weekend, hoping to find some more contributors

## QUnit
* Nested modules is merged and about to be released on 1.20.0
* Currently working on Event Emitters to integrate QUnit with js-reporters and land different reporters on QUnit.
* 2 qunit-migrate tools being built, one issue to merge them with collaborative work ([#868](https://github.com/jquery/qunit/issues/868))
* with js-reporters we will be ready to release 2.0.0, which is pretty exciting.

## PEP
* Working on adding more W3C test coverage

## Globalize
* No update

## Board
* No update

## Other
* Make meeting minutes public
  * https://github.com/jquery/meetings.jquery.org/issues/24
  * No objections, but not really that useful since it’s just a summary
