* AMD
  * https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui/pull/1029
  * Blocked by globals update that Scott was working on
  * https://github.com/scottgonzalez/jquery-ui/tree/globals
* download builder
  * Fixed bug in cache module, fixing that should prevent further service outage
  * Also fixed client-side theme URL handling
* Accessibility
  * Update from Deque Accessibility Summit?
  * good ideas for improvements for tooltip with ajax loaded content and contextual help for all widgets
  * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MFM0zaLt-Gqaj3Ajv2p5d-STuaEZ6MoqfpYANX1VgpM/edit
  * Kris to track down the code - get people to send PRs or recycle manually
* Button
  * Update from Alex on button rewrite?
  * Not started, yet
  * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yFD_Y9QuuMTI4NOc-JQYRjPTrcVV52h7ZeLKLPbSj40/edit
  * Will not support icons in IE7
* Dialog
  * Jörn submitted another bug fix PR, needs help with unit tests
* Selectmenu
  * Felix waiting on feedback on width option and a fix from Kris
  * Alex and TJ to review width option, Felix to include it on the wiki page
* Ticket triage
  * 0 pending tickets -3
  * 377 tickets total +1
  * 56 pull requests +5
* PR triage
  * Need one or two people to review new PRs
  * TJ and Mike to do a bash and keep up with new PRs.
  * Check for: CLA signature; ticket; unit tests, coding standards, commit message standards.
  * One of them to document these, until we can get it all automated. Rewrite contribute.md, get all the details on the contribute site.
  * Alex to help as well and sync guidelines for Mobile
* Documenting return values
  * Done, just needs to be deployed
  * Jörn to help with deployment, once TJ tested Scott's commits locally
* Classes Option
  * http://wiki.jqueryui.com/w/page/65050459/Classes%20Option
  * Alex to finish his testing
* Effects Rewrite
  * https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui/pull/1017
  * Corey? Scott?
  * Mike asked for review, still pending.
  * Otherwise, two issues: 1. failing tests (which I think are faulty tests), 2. one of the effects actually needs to modify layout, so that one should use placeholder, but the placeholder should shrink accordingly
* CLDR
  * Unit tests migrated to QUnit, working with AMD, running with Grunt
  * Now to finish datetime/format
  * Rafael to test date formatting/parsing with datepicker rewrite; number formatting/parsing with spinner
* Datepicker
  * TJ working on fixing multi-month next
  * Fill out the options list on the wiki. Make suggestions, at least write down the questions we need to answer.
  * Alex to test the rewrite on mobile and report issues. Inline datepicker seems like the wrong solution.
  * Update $.date to remove the jQuery dependency.
